README.md, before:

jdotxt
======

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/nicdnb/jdotxt/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/nicdnb/jdotxt/tree/master)

Copyright 2013-2018 Christian M. Schmid

Another open source cross-platform GUI for the todo.txt file format

#### Some highlights on features of jdotxt

* Quick filtering by context + project -- see Filter panes on the left:
   * Multiple selection.
   * Quick filter by typed keystrokes (put focus on the pane and start
     typing).
* Auto-add context/project to new entry (copied from currently selected
  entry).
* Support for hidden entries (h:1).
* Support for threshold dates (t:) and due dates (due:), support for
  recurrence (`rec:[+]Du` - optional `+` to specify strict recurrence based on
  due/threshold date, by default will increment based on completion date; `D` is
  number of units, `u` is unit -- one of `d` day, `w` week, `m` month, `y`
  year; example `rec:11d` schedule next task to 11 days after completion,
  `rec:+1m` schedule next task exactly one month away from threshold/due
  date).
* Auto-completion of context/project when typing entry text.
* Customizable sort.  Saving sorts for future reuse.
* Hotkeys:
   * `CTRL-F` -- jump to search field.
   * `CTRL-S` -- save todo.txt file. (You can also enable auto-save in
     preferneces.)
   * `CTRL-R` -- reload todo.txt (reloads automatically if detects that file
     has changed underneath).
   * `CTRL-N` -- "New Task", jumps to New Task entry field.
   * `CTRL-D` -- jump to previously open todo.txt file.

#### Downloads

Go to "[Releases](https://github.com/t7ko/jdotxt/releases)" section of the GitHub project to get the latest version.

#### Building jdotxt

to build jdotxt from its sources, you will need
- a Java Development Kit (JDK) Version 7 or higher http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html
- Apache Ant as build system http://ant.apache.org/

I use Ubuntu as a build system, simply run

- sudo apt-get install openjdk-7-jdk ant

to set up your build system.

To build jdotxt

1. Download the latest sources from github (e.g., `git clone https://github.com/t7ko/jdotxt`)

2. Move into the directory (e.g., `cd jdotxt`)

3. Run ant (i.e., `ant`)

You can run the resulting jar file by executing

`java -jar jar/jdotxt.jar`

Or, to run GUI-only on Windows, with detached console:

`javaw -jar jar/jdotxt.jar`

#### Third Party Code

jdotxt uses code and libraries from the following open source projects:

- [appbundler](https://java.net/projects/appbundler): for creating the OSX app bundle.
- [todo.txt-android](https://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-android): jdotxt uses the same datastructures and IO functions that the official Android client uses.
- [hamcrest](http://hamcrest.org/): for testing.
- [Java Native Access (JNA)](https://github.com/twall/jna#readme): for fixing some Windows 7/8 taskbar issues.
- [junit](http://junit.org/): for testing.
- [juniversalchardet](http://code.google.com/p/juniversalchardet/): for automatically detecting the encoding scheme of your todo files.

#### Misc Links

- [jdotxt](http://jdotxt.chschmid.com/), binaries and help for this very program.
- [todo.txt](http://todotxt.com/) is a simple file format for managing your todos.
- [todo.txt-android](https://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-android) an open source todo.txt Android client

Commit message:

Add link to original author's homepage

README.md, after:

jdotxt
======

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/nicdnb/jdotxt/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/nicdnb/jdotxt/tree/master)

Copyright 2013-2018 Christian M. Schmid

Another open source cross-platform GUI for the todo.txt file format

#### Some highlights on features of jdotxt

* Quick filtering by context + project -- see Filter panes on the left:
   * Multiple selection.
   * Quick filter by typed keystrokes (put focus on the pane and start
     typing).
* Auto-add context/project to new entry (copied from currently selected
  entry).
* Support for hidden entries (h:1).
* Support for threshold dates (t:) and due dates (due:), support for
  recurrence (`rec:[+]Du` - optional `+` to specify strict recurrence based on
  due/threshold date, by default will increment based on completion date; `D` is
  number of units, `u` is unit -- one of `d` day, `w` week, `m` month, `y`
  year; example `rec:11d` schedule next task to 11 days after completion,
  `rec:+1m` schedule next task exactly one month away from threshold/due
  date).
* Auto-completion of context/project when typing entry text.
* Customizable sort.  Saving sorts for future reuse.
* Hotkeys:
   * `CTRL-F` -- jump to search field.
   * `CTRL-S` -- save todo.txt file. (You can also enable auto-save in
     preferneces.)
   * `CTRL-R` -- reload todo.txt (reloads automatically if detects that file
     has changed underneath).
   * `CTRL-N` -- "New Task", jumps to New Task entry field.
   * `CTRL-D` -- jump to previously open todo.txt file.

#### Downloads

Go to "[Releases](https://github.com/t7ko/jdotxt/releases)" section of the GitHub project to get the latest version.

#### Original Author's jdotxt Home Page

http://jdotxt.chschmid.com/, where you will find original (older version) downloads for different operating systems and a quick guide video.

#### Building jdotxt

to build jdotxt from its sources, you will need
- a Java Development Kit (JDK) Version 7 or higher http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html
- Apache Ant as build system http://ant.apache.org/

I use Ubuntu as a build system, simply run

- sudo apt-get install openjdk-7-jdk ant

to set up your build system.

To build jdotxt

1. Download the latest sources from github (e.g., `git clone https://github.com/t7ko/jdotxt`)

2. Move into the directory (e.g., `cd jdotxt`)

3. Run ant (i.e., `ant`)

You can run the resulting jar file by executing

`java -jar jar/jdotxt.jar`

Or, to run GUI-only on Windows, with detached console:

`javaw -jar jar/jdotxt.jar`

#### Third Party Code

jdotxt uses code and libraries from the following open source projects:

- [appbundler](https://java.net/projects/appbundler): for creating the OSX app bundle.
- [todo.txt-android](https://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-android): jdotxt uses the same datastructures and IO functions that the official Android client uses.
- [hamcrest](http://hamcrest.org/): for testing.
- [Java Native Access (JNA)](https://github.com/twall/jna#readme): for fixing some Windows 7/8 taskbar issues.
- [junit](http://junit.org/): for testing.
- [juniversalchardet](http://code.google.com/p/juniversalchardet/): for automatically detecting the encoding scheme of your todo files.

#### Misc Links

- [jdotxt](http://jdotxt.chschmid.com/), binaries and help for this very program.
- [todo.txt](http://todotxt.com/) is a simple file format for managing your todos.
- [todo.txt-android](https://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-android) an open source todo.txt Android client
